would you round off the evening though
I'd really like to invite chills back up
and do a last thing with ignite books
lots of luck for a future who knows that
we might put it out on it eventually I
said wheat you it might have been bigger
talk no reasonable says everything so
everything happens in their house always
feels like a cat's fun
the Mall of the burning of the subtlest
way the air is thick with Aretha hot
feet that dried root from a bonfire
placed with a combustible tang of
Heather and crowds the size of Godhead
mountains blue oka from a fire strike
bloody and stranding the bishop and the
motorway calls and bulges like a club
made through the slope pottery cultural
taking pics on their weakening page ago
or calling home say nature gone that
honest nothing like the birds flying
away to author south
like the end of the world it will be
like this thing the end of it
everything burning there already
believing it because stuff like this
isn't real and it's not fair because
they are plans they are the life no I
don't want try the mobiles over and over
now we'll know enough to mend their
clothes or go to rub it at the road
potatoes or make some shoes for the kids
waiting for someone to come fix it place
staring down the barrel of Anita's goat
crying staring a bloody useless
flatscreen wishing to go to the gym more
because the end of civilization will be
pretty tiring the strong will
live longer if you become green and
purple wonderful those who have a child
and the Bill Murray's micro very juice
holes cluster and hair bells timorously
live on 30 cents or not undisturbed
except by Stokes and rabbits while the
wild sheep will come to not need through
abandoned farm yards ratcheted with dead
machines and hulks the wheel of silence
ghaib unseen by Jets and the saddle with
fur links will yell at the fat moon
unchecked by anything but the root and
hunger
regret will head in a world lit only by
fire how's their body stitched with pain
and freezing political it doesn't matter
because it's you have it it's inevitable
but we are not in fact the laws of
creation and the birds the birds will
still be for you
when the end of our world
and I look like that very much I'm sure
you will to the musicians who played
tonight things that get musicians of
that caliber played and I'm very
appreciative and I am happy to work with
someone else's memories mr. Steve spot
the poet Pottinger sound engineers in
the venue tonight actually because they
spend a great deal of time making sure
everything was perfect but it won't
happen it means a lot in a place like
this or any place so no place to work
I'd also like to thank all of you for
all the many years of support and
kindness towards our work which you have
displayed and for coming here tonight
and showing that support now maybe do
you think we don't know this or maybe
you think you never spoken to us
individually or other than what you guys
may think but I tell you this knowing
that you are interested in what we do
means everything in the world to us
everything we are family and I want to
thank you for that and all the 30 years
of knowing all of you love even when I
shouted at you from a distance